# Assignment Components

These are components that are used for assignment objects

| Name                                | Description                                                   |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [AssignmentType](#AssignmentType)   | Holds information about a specific assignment type. Ex. Essay |
| [Assignment](#Assignment)           | Holds information about an assignment and allows editing      |
| [AssignmentInput](#AssignmentInput) | Contains editable logistical information about an assignment  |

## AssignmentType

#### Props

- atId: The ID of the assignment type. This ID is autogenerated in the backend.

#### Description

Holds information about a specific assignment type. An example of an assignment type would be an Essay or an Exam

#### Features

The following are features that are contained in the AssignmentType component:

- See Information on the assignment type including name, weight-locked status, weight, aggregated score of assignments, aggregated lost points of assignments.
- Change the name of the assignment type.
- Lock or Unlock the weights of the assignments
- Delete Assignment Type
- Add new Assignment of Assignment Type
- Balance the weights of the assignments if weights are locked.
- Contains a list of assignment components

## Assignment

#### Props

- atId: The ID of the parent assignment type.
- aIdx: The index of the assignment in the parent assignment types list of assignments

#### Description

Holds information about a specific Assignment. An example of an assignment would be Project 1.

#### Features

The following are features that are contained in the Assignment component:

- Dynamically update the weighted score and lost points, which will in turn dynamically update the aggregate of these scores in the respective AssignmentType
- Delete Assignment
- Contains AssignmentInput Components for the Assignment Name, Current Score, Max Score, Weight (if AssignmentType.lockWeights = false)

## AssignmentInput

#### Props

- assignmentId: ID of the assignment the input is for. Used for API calls
- inputType: Determines the props that will be used. Ex: 'num', 'text'
- otherProps: Props that are added that AssignmentInput does not set

#### Description

A component for displaying and editing logistical information about an assignment such as the name, scores, and weights.

#### Features

The following are features that are contained in the AssignmentInput component:

- Show Logistical Information
- If the info is clicked it will become editable
- When the info is changed it will automatically update the page, including dynamically updated info in other components.
- When the user clicks off the input (i.e. blur), the updated info will be sent to the database. This is so every keystroke does not send an update to the database.
- When the info is sent to the database the input will turn back into a header.
